# Data-Wrangling-
Data Wrangling on Bike Sharing Dataset
Libraries used:
There are certain libraries that are used in the project the two most used libraries are csv and pandas the CSV library is used to open and separate the data which is needed because it is easier to deal with the data. CSV allows reading the data in the dictionary format and it makes it easy to manipulate the data. And the library pandas are used to create the data frame because it allows the clearing of the data and makes the data ready for visualization. The two more important library that is used are matplotlib which make the data visualized it has many graphs and plot to make the data attractive. And the other library is the machine learning library which helps to deploy the machine learning models. The library is named sklearn and the model which is being used is a random forest regressor. 

Process:
*`The first thing is how to open the data basically there are two libraries by which the data can be used first is pandas and second is CSV. In this, there is the use of CSV which can help to manipulate the data in an easier manner. The first thing that is to be done is open the data set with the help of an open function and make a variable for the file which is taken as ‘p’ all over the code. Then after the opening, there is the necessity of reading the file with the help of the DictReader function in the CSV which opens the data in the dictionary format then with the help of this there is the separation of the required data. After selecting the counts according to the needs there is need to create the data frame with the help of the panda’s library because to create it there is only 1 library used. 
After that, there is part of the visualization of the data so for this purpose it is easy to count the data which are found year-wise and Holiday-wise for the years 2011 and 2012. After counting the visualization is done with the help of the matplotlib library. Basically, the most used graph is the bar graph which has values in the exponential power because its values are too high to plot in the graph. 
Then there is the task to calculate the correlation with counts with the help of the other environment settings such as windspeed, humidity, atmospheric temperature, temperature, and weather. After analyzing it there are two variables that are most correlated that is atmospheric temperature and temperature which is about 0.63. 
And at last, the prediction is used with the help of the random forest model selection in this machine learning model several decision trees are used to acquire the best output. The model has 104.14 as the root mean square value and 10846 as the mean squared value.

Conclusion :The sepration of the data is done by CSV library to get or fulfill the requirement and to create the dataframe the pandas libraray is used. The to visualise the matplotlibaray is used which create the bar graph. Then with the help of correlation function there is found the correlation of counts with enviroment setting. At last random forest is applied for the purpose of the prediction. 
